What are invisible text watermarks?
Invisible text watermarks are an easy way
to protect your
writing from copyright theft.
In short, the tool encodes an invisible
message into your text that you can then
use to prove your ownership of it.
Alright, let's see how
it works in practice.
I have some writing on my website, but
look, this person stole it, made some
modifications, and even changed the date
to an earlier one to look like they're
the original author.
This would make it very hard for me to
prove that they are the thief. Invisible
text watermarks completely change that.
First I will go to the apply page, paste
in my writing, and
write my watermark message.
Then I will copy this new text and put it
on my website. Thankfully, I had already
done that before my text was stolen, but
the thief didn't know about it.
Let's see what happens when I put the
stolen version into the decode page.
My message shows up.
With this, there is no doubt
who is the original author.